Go fast
Happy cooperation happy cooperation
First, let me introduce you to our youth
The two types of tea
The first one is broken.
Its entrance is drier
Let me show you this orange one.
Very good and then this is to say
Two teas in Gaoshan Village
The first tea is more suitable for us.
aunt
This time, it is mainly to fulfill the promise that has appeared.
I'm afraid you don't understand electronic banking, so I took cash
Ouch, hurry up and take the money to check your
How sorry are you?
Hey, why are you sorry?
I'm even more sorry if something goes wrong.
Yeah.
After all, didn't the brothers settle the bill?
It is also necessary to take a picture.
Ah ah ah ah you past past past past
Oh, Xiaolin, it's okay for you to dump it.
Uncle, this wine is a personal order bought for you.
It tastes delicious.
The entrance is very soft
Oh, you see, it's all a family from now on
Why did you buy it?
Just eat
Dad, can you call Yueyue over?